Update 6
By-swaraj kale , 18111054
\documentclass{article}
\usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
\title{Nuclear Biological Chemical Terrorism and Technology}
\author{Submitted by Swaraj Kale }
\begin{document}
\maketitle
\section{problems in detect and estimate the impact of radiological weapons}
The impact of prompt radiation is extremely difficult to estimate, and lethal and high doses can vary
sharply consistent with exposure even within the same areas. Even personnel equipped with
dosimeters present major problems in triage because dosimeter readings can't be wont to judge
whole body radiation, and a mixture of physical symptoms need to be wont to judge the seriousness
of exposure. The impact of radiation poisoning also changes sharply if the body has experienced
burns or physical trauma. Within the case of treatable patients, significant medical treatment could
also be required for quite two months after exposure.
\section{ more }
The spread of airborne radioactive particulates can vary sharply consistent with the dimensions and
nature of a weapon and its placement, and within the size and lethality of particles and water vapour.
While most will settle within 24 hours, this may vary consistent with wind pattern and movement
through the affected area. The drop by actual radiation of the affected material is usually much
slower, but logarithmic. Radiation at the primary hour after the explosion is down about 90%, and
radiation is merely about one-hundredth of the first level after two days. Radiation only drops to trace
levels, however, after 300 hours.
The characterization of RDWs presents a significantly greater problem than does detection, and
estimating the sort and effects of a selected RDW is difficult. This is often particularly true of
contamination with RDWs or if detection only occurs after significant exposure. Due to the
restrictions of dosimeters and other detection equipment, bioassay is usually needed to work out the
extent and sort of effects. this is often critical with inhalation and ingestion
\section{ Summary }
Furthermore, considerably more study is required of the various sorts of agents which may be used,
of their different effects and risks, of the matter of characterizing the weapon versus detecting
radiation, and of how triage, monitoring, and treatment got to be applied. An equivalent is true of
decontamination. As is the case with chemical and biological weapons, there's also a requirement
for much more analysis of what detection grids or systems are needed, of what level of protection or
masking would be effective, and of the way to predict dissemination and effects. More broadly,
responders correctly assume that destruction and lethality are key criteria, but the main purpose of
such an attack could be political or psychological. As is the case with chemical and biological
weapons, public and world perceptions of the impact of such attacks would initially be supported the
very fact they occurred in the least . It's also far from clear how the general public would react to
even the foremost successful decontamination effort, and the way the US could guarantee the
effectiveness of such a decontamination effort. Past incidents of nuclear smuggling and black market
sales have also demonstrated that it's far easier to get some sort of material than fissile material.
\end{document}
